Condicional Compuesto|Compound Conditional|With the conditional compound tense, we conjugate the verb haber in conditional, and then follow it with the action verb in participle.
Condicional Simple|Conditional|We use the conditional mode to express a possibility, a desire, or a request. English words: could, would, should have, or probably.
Futuro Compuesto|Future Perfect|We use the future perfect tense only when talking about future actions that will take place before another future action. Things that haven’t happened yet, but we are very sure that they will happen.
Futuro Simple|Simple Future|We use this tense to express the actions that will take place in the future.
Imperativo Afirmativo|Imperative|We use the imperative mood to give orders and commands. Anything that is an instruction written or spoken uses this mood. Since the imperative is used to tell people to do something, it is only used with the personal pronouns tú, usted, ustedes, and nosotros.
Imperativo Negativo|Imperative|We use the imperative mood to give orders and commands. Anything that is an instruction written or spoken uses this mood. Since the imperative is used to tell people to do something, it is only used with the personal pronouns tú, usted, ustedes, and nosotros.
Imperfecto Progresivo|Past Progressive|If something happens in the past while another action is taking place, we use past progressive for the action that was ongoing.
Pluscuamperfecto Subjuntivo|Past Perfect Subjunctive|We use the past perfect subjunctive to talk about events in the past that you could not do. It is a way of regretting not having done something.
Pluscuamperfecto|Past Perfect|We use the past perfect tense to talk about an action that was completed before another action, or to talk about actions that are implicit and happened in the past.
Presente|Present|We use the present tense to talk about things that happen now, in the present. We use this tense to talk about facts, realities, current situations, and more.
Presente Progresivo|Present Progressive|We use progressive tenses to tell that something is happening at the moment, or that it was happening at the moment we’re describing. The use of progressive tenses is very common.
Pretérito Perfecto Subjuntivo|Present Perfect Subjunctive|The present perfect subjunctive is very useful when you want to explain something that started or happened in the past, but still affects the present or will affect the future.
Pretérito Imperfecto|Imperfect Past|The imperfect past tense is used to talk about past actions. But it’s not the only use for this tense. You can also use it to talk about things that were habitual in the past, actions that were not completed in the past, or characteristics and emotional states that took place in the past.
Pretérito Indefinido|Simple Past|Simple past differs from the imperfect past tense with respect to whether the action had a clear ending point. If something happened in the past, with a clear start and end date, or the action was completed, then we use the simple past tense. This tense is also commonly known as the Spanish preterite tense, or pretérito indefinido in Spanish.
Pretérito Perfecto|Present Perfect|We use the present perfect tense when something started and ended in the past, but it happened very close to the moment we are talking about.
Subjuntivo Imperfecto|Imperfect Subjunctive|Like the present subjunctive, the imperfect subjunctive expresses theoretical situations which would have happened in the past. It’s also used to politely express desires, as well as in hypothetical “if… then” phrases.
Subjuntivo Presente|Present Subjunctive|We use the present subjunctive for hypothetical situations. The present subjunctive is also very commonly used to ask politely for something in the form of a desire.
