funcfiletrace
	  This array contains the absolute line numbers and corresponding file names for the point where the current function, sourced file, or (if  EVAL_LINENO  is
	  set)  eval  command  was  called.  The array is of the same length as funcsourcetrace and functrace, but differs from funcsourcetrace in that the line and
	  file are the point of call, not the point of definition, and differs from functrace in that all values are absolute line numbers  in  files,  rather  than
	  relative to the start of a function, if any.

funcsourcetrace
	  This  array contains the file names and line numbers of the points where the functions, sourced files, and (if EVAL_LINENO is set) eval commands currently
	  being executed were defined.  The line number is the line where the `function name' or `name ()' started.  In the case of an autoloaded function  the line
	  number is reported as zero.  The format of each element is filename:lineno.

	  For functions autoloaded from a file in native zsh format, where only the body of the function occurs in the file, or for files that have been executed by
	  the source or `.' builtins, the trace information is shown as filename:0, since the entire file is the definition.  The source file name is resolved to an
	  absolute path when the function is loaded or the path to it otherwise resolved.

	  Most users will be interested in the information in the funcfiletrace array instead.

funcstack
	  This array contains the names of the functions, sourced files, and (if EVAL_LINENO is set) eval commands. currently being executed. The first  element  is
	  the name of the function using the parameter.

	  The standard shell array zsh_eval_context can be used to determine the type of shell construct being executed at each depth: note, however, that is in the
	  opposite  order,  with the most recent item last, and it is more detailed, for example including an entry for toplevel, the main shell code being executed
	  either interactively or from a script, which is not present in $funcstack.

functrace
	  This array contains the names and line numbers of the callers corresponding to the functions currently being executed.  The  format  of  each  element  is
	  name:lineno.  Callers are also shown for sourced files; the caller is the point where the source or `.' command was executed.


